yeah i mean this this year clearly has
been a disappointing season for us it's
been a struggle right from the beginning
I learned a lot learned a lot that made
a lot of mistakes this year as far as
not listening to the body you know just
it's hard to really kind of cover it all
but you know long story I was off the
bike last year for nine months and a
long time every time even when I got
back on the bike it just never felt
right um you know I had to have surgery
again and you know but the knees not
awesome but my problems and not my knee
you know I think my knee has actually
come a long way after the second surgery
and where you know I think were 80% of
where we need to be there's just maybe a
few little things that I needed tweaked
for some reason I'm not getting my full
range of motion and I think that's kind
of really all the pain and they're
really the only struggle that I have
would not have in range of motion riding
outdoors obviously you've daven your
knee down on the ground on the ground
and basically you know when you do that
you're getting to a point where you push
and pass that range of motion where
you're happy places and that's really
the only thing I'm struggling with other
than that is my knees great it's fine
strong I think structurally it's fine
but yeah just got to got to work that
part out but yeah just basically health
issues you know just hold me back a
little bit there's always speculation
it's part of our industry you know when
one minute together you kind of go from
here at a zero so nearly as good as your
last race so being around my whole life
have a good understanding of it in
there it's fickle and but you know where
we're staying strong my current results
in in 2013 as a whole I promise you is
not because I'm old is you know we just
got some issues that we're working
through and I honestly think that we're
going to come out stronger at the other
end and have a have a good solid you
know 2014 so kind of working right now
to try to you know secured at least the
next two years and then see what we can
do from there you know as a rider I'd
like to be able to race to more but yeah
we'll see see how everything works out
you know it's definitely one of the
favorite races actually is my favorite
race of the year I love coming to this
race love the weekend and what it's
about and what it means the track is
there's a new kind of the protections
changed up quite a bit and it's a lot of
fun you know the negative part about
this racetrack is it as awesome as it is
it becomes very one line you know it
sounds like they got a lot of rain at
beginning of the week and one of my
things I hate most about American
motocross is that every race they put
wood chips on it and they heavily put
them down on this track in particular
and literally feels like you're riding
out there in a monsoon on the inside so
hopefully we can convince them to push
that off the racetrack and and
allow us to have a good race track on
Saturday if not it's going to be super
crazy important to get a good start
because it's really really deep on the
insides and you know basically to the
point where if you get offline even in
the line but if you get offline a little
bit you almost go over the bars so yeah
it's it's crazy you know to be riding in
85 degree weather it's beautiful out and
to be riding on a muddy racetrack all
weekend isn't isn't that fun so my hope
is that they will listen to us if we
complain a lot and they'll push that
stuff off and and we'll have a great
race track on on Saturday
you